<p align="center">+JMJ+</p>

## <p align="center">Meeting 6: Preparing for Development</p>
<p align="right"><em>March 1, 2021</em></p>

1. Review Meeting Plan / talk about stuff
   - Anything else we should add?
2. Go over what we did last week
3. What could we do better?
  - re-evaluate estimation. 
    - Do we have enough time? 
    - Our goal is to underestimate.
    - only **6 hours** a week!!
    - take into account Easter, other breaks, study time
    - is there anything we can re-use?
    - worst-case and best-case scenarios
    - stages: what is the minimum that we would be ok turning in?
4. Things to do this week
   - Documentation:
     - Finish Project Architecture
       - What Views (pages) do we need?
       - What functionality (ViewModels) do those pages need?
       - Are there any other classes/algorithms/data structures we will need?
         - filter, accounts, themes, leaderboard, word of the day, sending / recieving info from the database
       - make diagrams of pages, classes needed
     - Ben/Margs: Figure out how to use GitHub Wiki, Google Forms, Unit Testing?
   - Things to learn:
     - Git & GitHub
     - Accounts (*Security!*)
     - Word filter
     - Project Test Plan?
   - Keep Coding:
     - U.I
     - very basic filter?
     - demo rendering 
   - Other stuff
     - Reach out to test users!
       - Downloads page on GitHub
       - Ask basic questions: what would they like to see in the app? What do they want/not want?
     - Catherine: get Mac stuff set up 
5. Homework:
   - **Ben**: Git Hub Wiki
   - **Catherine**: Get Mac stuff set up
   - **Chris**: 
   - **Margs**: 

## Pictures

### Leaderboard

We are going to add another level 2 (recommended) requirement: leaderboards.

![Leaderboard.jpg](Images/Leaderboard.jpg)
